sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Tokyo	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 . )
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Rome	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 . )
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	U.S.	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 . )
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Italy	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 . )
sent848	Jean Griffith	Live_In	Queens	( Those honored were Jean Griffith , mother of a man killed on a Howard Beach , Queens , parkway after being chased by a gang of whites in December 1986 ; )
sent903	James Francis	Work_For	Dayton	( The twin-engine plane took off from Dayton International Airport and crashed at 4 : 45 a.m. in a heavily wooded area about a half-mile away , said James Francis , acting aviation director for Dayton . )
sent1014	Beatrice Martinez	Live_In	Ontario	( ` ` It was torn to shreds , ' ' said Beatrice Martinez , public relations secretary at the Ontario airport , about 40 miles east of Los Angeles . )
sent1014	Beatrice Martinez	Live_In	Los Angeles	( ` ` It was torn to shreds , ' ' said Beatrice Martinez , public relations secretary at the Ontario airport , about 40 miles east of Los Angeles . )
sent1038	Patti Fox	Work_For	Trump	( Trump plans to display the window in the Taj Mahal , a hotel he 's building in Atlantic City , according to Patti Fox , who bid on Trump 's behalf after he made a brief appearance at the auction . )
sent1215	Fred Farrar	Work_For	FAA	( FAA spokesman Fred Farrar said Tuesday the timer assembly could not have caused the British Midland crash . )
sent1216	Nettie Johnson	Work_For	Navy	( Navy spokeswoman Lt. Nettie Johnson was unable to say immediately whether the aircraft had experienced problems from faulty check and drain valves . )
sent1220	James Helmer	Work_For	GE	( James Helmer , an attorney representing the former manager of the GE plant , said his client had been questioned in connection with the investigation last Oct. 14 by two FBI agents and a representative of the Air Force . )
sent1232	Stephen Greiner	Work_For	Farley	( Farley attorney Stephen Greiner contended during Wednesday 's 90-minute hearing that the pill ` ` is a device by which the board of directors of West Point says nobody can buy more than 10 percent. ' ' )
sent1246	Daniel Dewey	Work_For	CBOT	( Sanders , 45 , was found guilty of engineering the scheme in which Daniel Dewey , another former CBOT trader , donned a wig and used stolen trader badges and jackets to gain access to a restricted area in proximity to the Treasury bond trading pit . )
sent1266	Francisco Rojas	Work_For	Pemex	( Pemex Director Francisco Rojas told a news conference Wednesday that the production of crude oil , gasoline and petrochemicals had returned to normal . )
sent1283	Ann Silvernail	Work_For	International Paper	( International Paper spokeswoman Ann Silvernail said that under French law the company was barred from releasing details pending government approval . )
sent1291	John A. Georges	Work_For	International Paper 's	( ` ` Our white paper , market pulp and packaging businesses turned in particularly impressive results in 1988 , ' ' said John A. Georges , International Paper 's chairman and chief executive officer . )
sent1312	Hans Guenther von Zydowitz	Work_For	Leica	( Leica spokesman Hans Guenther von Zydowitz told the AP company officals estimate last year 's sales at about $60.6 million , but he declined to estimate profits . )
sent1313	Dietmar Kanzer	Work_For	Rollei	( Spokesman Dietmar Kanzer of the smaller Rollei company , which employs about 270 people , told the AP the firm had great success with its new Roliflex 6008 camera in 1988 . )
sent1332	Henry A. Politz	Work_For	` ` I 'm	( ` ` I 'm delighted , ' ' said Peter Butler , attorney for A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. _ the company which owns New Orleans-based Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken _ after Judge Henry A. Politz announced the decision for the three-judge 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel . )
sent1338	Sam Kadet	Work_For	Popeyes	( Sam Kadet of the corporate law firm of Skadden , Arps said Popeyes could give Church 's notice on Thursday that it planned to proceed with the takeover attempt and deliver the information to Church 's after five business days . )
sent1348	Scott Hinton	Work_For	Elders Futures Inc.	( Analyst Scott Hinton of Elders Futures Inc. said the copper market seemed unsinkable , even though prices have fallen from the record highs reached in early December . )
sent1374	James K. Batten	Work_For	Knight-Ridder	( ` ` The decision to sell these two newspapers was not an easy one , ' ' said James K. Batten , Knight-Ridder president and chief executive officer . )
sent1388	Andrew Stephens	Work_For	Eaglebrook Plastics	( ` ` There is a great demand for recovered plastic , but the material has to be clean , ' ' said Andrew Stephens , president of Eaglebrook Plastics . )
sent1394	Robert Thompson	Live_In	New York City	( ` ` We chose Middletown because we 're trying to access the New York City market but we wanted to be outside the high-priced metropolitan area , ' ' said Robert Thompson , Eaglebrook 's vice . )
sent1394	Robert Thompson	Work_For	Eaglebrook	( ` ` We chose Middletown because we 're trying to access the New York City market but we wanted to be outside the high-priced metropolitan area , ' ' said Robert Thompson , Eaglebrook 's vice . )
sent1411	Will Carlson	Work_For	Michigan State	( ` ` We put in the peacock to get a little attention and show how spectacular it 's going to be , ' ' said Michigan State horticulture Professor Will Carlson. )
sent1427	Todd Kimberlain	Work_For	the National Hurricane Center	( ` ` It 's not going to be a major hurricane , but there will be beach erosion , tides 10 feet above normal in some places and 10 to 15 inches of rain over Mississippi , Louisiana and eastern Texas , ' ' said Todd Kimberlain of the National Hurricane Center. )
sent1436	Nancy Cowan	Work_For	Red Cross	( Some brought radios , ' ' said Nancy Cowan , Red Cross disaster chairman for Calcasieu and Cameron parishes. )
sent1436	Nancy Cowan	Work_For	Calcasieu	( Some brought radios , ' ' said Nancy Cowan , Red Cross disaster chairman for Calcasieu and Cameron parishes. )
sent1448	Michael O	Work_For	Conoco Inc.	( ` ` We 've evacuated everybody , ' ' said Conoco Inc. spokesman Michael O 'Connor. )
sent1466	Lawrence J. Hagen	Work_For	USDA	( By the mid-1990s , the department 's scientists plan to have a wind erosion computer system to help make daily estimates of soil losses from wind erosion , says Lawrence J. Hagen , an agricultural engineer with the USDA 's agricultural research service. )
sent1469	Gary H. Heichel	Work_For	USDA	( ` ` Crop rotation may be the answer to sustaining long-term productivity of our land to provide billions of people with food , fuel and other renewable resources , ' ' says Gary H. Heichel , a plant physiologist with the USDA 's agricultural research service. )
sent1473	David Pimentel	Work_For	Cornell University	( More than 3 million calories of fossil fuel energy normally are required to produce nitrogen fertilizer for an acre of corn grown under a continuous cropping program , said David Pimentel , an ecologist and entomologist at Cornell University. )
sent1480	Dennis DeConcini	Work_For	Senate Appropriations	( Sen. Dennis DeConcini , D-Ariz. , chairman of the Senate Appropriations treasury and postal subcommittee , said Monday he will ask the Bush administration to justify the use of public money when his panel works on spending legislation this week. )
sent1489	Edward Roybal	Work_For	House Appropriations	( Rep. Edward Roybal , D-Calif. , chairman of the House Appropriations treasury and postal subcommittee , which authored the House-passed spending bill , said Mrs. Quayle invited them to visit the mansion and examine the needed work. )
sent1489	Edward Roybal	Work_For	House	( Rep. Edward Roybal , D-Calif. , chairman of the House Appropriations treasury and postal subcommittee , which authored the House-passed spending bill , said Mrs. Quayle invited them to visit the mansion and examine the needed work. )
sent1495	Pat Epps	Work_For	the Greenland Expedition Society	( Pat Epps and other members of the Greenland Expedition Society suffered hunger , cold and sunburn in the hunt for the ` ` lost squadron , ' ' eight aircraft which crash landed in Greenland in 1942. )
sent1517	Higgins	Work_For	Marine Corps	( ` ` One thing I have learned over the past 17 months is that the truth is hard to find , and it remains so , ' ' said Mrs. Higgins , 37 , who is a major inthe Marine Corps and works at the Pentagon as a public information officer. )
sent1517	Higgins	Work_For	Pentagon	( ` ` One thing I have learned over the past 17 months is that the truth is hard to find , and it remains so , ' ' said Mrs. Higgins , 37 , who is a major inthe Marine Corps and works at the Pentagon as a public information officer. )
sent1550	Donald W. Riegle Jr.	Live_In	D-Mich.	( Another type of plan , first advocated by Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr. , D-Mich. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , doesn 't waive Gramm-Rudman. )
sent1550	Donald W. Riegle Jr.	Work_For	the Senate Banking Committee	( Another type of plan , first advocated by Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr. , D-Mich. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , doesn 't waive Gramm-Rudman. )
sent1555	Shelley Yeager	Live_In	Oxford	( ` ` It 's been a nightmare , ' ' said Shelley Yeager , director of the Clara Barton camp at Oxford in central Massachusetts. )
sent1561	Al Comproni	Work_For	The Massachusetts Department of Public Health	( The Massachusetts Department of Public Health has adopted new regulations on the disposal of infectious waste that take effect next week , but like the federal rules , they don 't apply to household waste , said the department 's Al Comproni. )
sent1566	Linda Schmitt	Work_For	Becton Dickinson	( Becton Dickinson sells needle containers to doctors and hospitals but may develop a container for home use , said Linda Schmitt , an assistant product manager. )
sent1573	Jonathan Lifa	Work_For	Chevron	( The self-propelled rig Avco 5 with 14 people aboard was headed to shore early Monday when it capsized about 20 miles off the Louisiana coast , near Morgan City , Chevron spokesman Jonathan Lifa said. )
sent1578	Steve Hardy	Work_For	Coast Guard	( An air bubble trapped in watertight compartments would be the only oxygen for any survivors , said Coast Guard Lt. Steve Hardy , but he did not estimate how long any trapped crewmen could survive. )
sent1585	Allen Harker	Work_For	the Coast Guard 's	( The number of lift boats involved in accidents is higher than normal , ' ' said Lt. Allen Harker , a marine inspector at the Coast Guard 's 8th District headquarters . )
sent1591	Sandi Sacher	Live_In	Boise	( ` ` Right now , the fire season is just starting to gear up , ' ' said Sandi Sacher , spokeswoman at the federal government 's wildfire command post in Boise , Idaho. )
sent1591	Sandi Sacher	Live_In	Idaho	( ` ` Right now , the fire season is just starting to gear up , ' ' said Sandi Sacher , spokeswoman at the federal government 's wildfire command post in Boise , Idaho. )
sent1644	Michael Dukakis	Live_In	Massachusetts	( Walking around the assembled governors , Bush also came face to face with the man he defeated last November , Democrat Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts. )
sent1646	Thomas Kean	Live_In	New Jersey	( New Jersey Gov. Thomas Kean , who is leaving office after two terms at the end of this year , was greeted with effuse public praise by his colleagues during the conference. )
sent1647	Mario Cuomo	Live_In	New York	( But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation. )
sent1673	Jim Hightower	Work_For	Texas Agriculture	( ` ` From the onset , we at the Texas Department of Agriculture felt that more was at stake than steak , and a whole lot more was at stake than growth hormones , ' ' said Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower at a news conference Monday. )
sent1693	Jeff Shia	Work_For	the Kiangsu Chekiang Association	( ` ` I think at this moment they fear making a wrong move _ whether they should seek political asylum or use other reasons to remain here , ' ' said Jeff Shia , president of the Kiangsu Chekiang Association , a non-profit group that helps new Chinese immigrants establish themselves in the city. )
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	China	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ' )
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	San Francisco	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ' )
sent1702	Hua Wen-Yi	Live_In	Shanghai	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco. )
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Work_For	the Chinese Times	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco. )
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Live_In	San Francisco	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco. )
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Bethany	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group . )
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Conn.	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group . )
sent1716	Shaw Yu-ming	Work_For	Government Information	( With China 's crackdown on the democracy movement , ` ` the truth is finally coming out of the cruel nature of communism , ' ' said Shaw Yu-ming , director-general of Government Information , at the opening of Taiwan 's new downtown Washington information center. )
sent1727	Susan Cruzan	Work_For	FDA	( The advisory committee voted 7-1 to recommend that the drug remain a prescription ingredient , said Susan Cruzan , an FDA spokeswoman. )
sent1787	Dave Olson	Work_For	the Payette National Forest	( ` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn. )
sent1787	Dave Olson	Live_In	Idaho	( ` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn. )
sent1795	Mike Ferris	Work_For	Forest Service	( About 2 , 900 firefighters were battling blazes in the Wallowa-Whitman and the Malheur national forests near the towns of Baker , Unity , Enterprise and John Day , said Forest Service spokesman Mike Ferris. )
sent1798	Margie Clack	Work_For	Forest Service	( Crews finished cutting a line of bare earth around the blaze early today and expected full control Wednesday , said Forest Service spokeswoman Margie Clack. )
sent1801	Greg Thayer	Work_For	the Forest Service	( In Washington state , near the Canadian border , firefighters hoped to contain an 850-acre fire by tonight , said Greg Thayer of the Forest Service. )
sent1814	Gerald Schwartz	Live_In	Miami Beach	( ` ` You can count it on your fingertips , ' ' said veteran Miami Beach political Gerald Schwartz. )
sent1818	David Leahy	Live_In	Dade County	( David Leahy , elections supervisor for Dade County , said his 18 percent turnout projection was a guess because there hasn 't been a special congressional election in recent history , and never in August , a vacation month. )
sent1826	Marvin Dunn	Work_For	Eastern Airlines	( Far back in the polls were black professor Marvin Dunn , black real estate agent Sonny Wright , businessman Bernard Anscher and striking Eastern Airlines pilot John Paul Rosser. )
sent1826	John Paul Rosser	Work_For	Eastern Airlines	( Far back in the polls were black professor Marvin Dunn , black real estate agent Sonny Wright , businessman Bernard Anscher and striking Eastern Airlines pilot John Paul Rosser. )
sent1827	Carlos Perez	Work_For	National Security Council	( On the Republican side , state Sen. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen concentrated on get-out-the-vote efforts Monday in hopes of winning a majority against opponents led by fellow Cuban-American Carlos Perez , a wealthy activist for conservative causes who was endorsed by former National Security Council aide Oliver North. )
sent1827	Oliver North	Work_For	National Security Council	( On the Republican side , state Sen. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen concentrated on get-out-the-vote efforts Monday in hopes of winning a majority against opponents led by fellow Cuban-American Carlos Perez , a wealthy activist for conservative causes who was endorsed by former National Security Council aide Oliver North. )
sent1828	David Fleischer	Live_In	North Miami	( Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge. )
sent1828	John Stembridge	Live_In	North Miami	( Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge. )
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	Belen	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M. )
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M. )
sent1838	Calico	Live_In	turkey	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M. )
sent1838	Calico	Work_For	Grants	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M. )
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Work_For	FBI	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington. )
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	Albuquerque	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington. )
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	N.M.	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington. )
sent1859	Bernero	Live_In	Rockville	( At a briefing at NRC headquarters in nearby Rockville , Md. , Bernero said the volcanic cones in the area of Yucca Mountain have been a cause of concern for NRC experts. )
sent1866	Roland Dumas	Live_In	France	( ` ` This constitutes a great first step forward on the path which should provide a return to peace for this country , ' ' said Foreign Roland Dumas of France. )
sent1872	Javier Perez de Cuellar	Work_For	U.N.	( The French foreign said the mission , under the aegis of U.N. Secretary Javier Perez de Cuellar , was to be dispatched ` ` very quickly ' ' to Cambodia and other involved countries , but he did not set a date. )
sent1879	Khieu Samphan	Work_For	Khmer Rouge	( Khmer Rouge leader Khieu Samphan had raised objections to the investigation mission and other aspects of today 's agreements. )
sent1908	Malcolm Grant	Live_In	Port Arthur	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur. )
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	Lake Charles	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La. )
sent1941	Stephanie Powell	Work_For	DEM	( ` ` This is not a good idea for a lot of environmental reasons , ' ' Stephanie Powell , of the DEM 's division of groundwater and freshwater wetlands , said Tuesday. )
sent1943	Jack Frazier	Work_For	Rotary Club	( But Jack Frazier , Rotary Club president , said volunteers picked up the ducks and all but four or five were accounted for. )
sent1946	Tom Defelice	Live_In	Warwick	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15. )
sent1946	Tom Defelice	Work_For	Disney World	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15. )
sent1948	Richard P. Kusserow	Work_For	Health and Human Services Inspector	( Health and Human Services Inspector Richard P. Kusserow said that because the start and end of some benefits is determined by ` ` age attainment , ' ' the old-fashioned definition skews who gets what when. )
sent1953	Sherman Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. District Judge Sherman Finesilver , who ordered the investigation at the request of Acting John C. Keene , said that the 23-member panel would serve for 18 months and that the term could be extended another 18 months. )
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Live_In	Ethiopia	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate. )
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Work_For	High Court	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate. )
sent2021	Fran Sepler	Work_For	Witness Advisory Council	( The law , patterned after similar measures in Michigan and California , gives victims ` ` a maximum opportunity to participate , ' ' said Fran Sepler , executive of the state Crime Victim and Witness Advisory Council. )
sent2054	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January. )
sent2055	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year. )
sent2055	Booth Gardner	Live_In	Washington	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year. )
sent2056	Dan Rather	Work_For	CBS	( CBS anchorman Dan Rather spoke to the final full session of the National Governors ' Association conference , saying , ` ` You who already have the toughest job in American politics have got to take the lead in convincing the president and Congress that the present approach to education policy is a mess and needs immediate overhaul , and the present approach to the federal budget deficit is an Alice in Wonderland fantasy. ' ' )
sent2059	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ' )
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Democratic	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush. )
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Virginia	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush. )
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush. )
sent2062	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush. )
sent2063	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Arkansas	( Democrat Bill Clinton of Arkansas said the summit will keep education and child-related issues on the public agenda. )
sent2064	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ' )
sent2082	Khieu Samphan	Work_For	Khmer Rouge	( Khmer Rouge leader Khieu Samphan reportedly made a number of objections on conference organization and procedure but then went along with the majority after Chinese Foreign Qian Qichen met with Monday with him , Sihanouk and the third member of their loose alliance , Son Sann. )
sent2083	Javier Perez de Cuellar	Work_For	U.N.	( In turn , Vietnam and the Cambodian government of Prime Hun Sen agreed to the fact-finding mission under the auspices of U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar. )
sent2098	Allan Fitzmaurice	Work_For	XBT	( It is not and never has been designed or advertised as a threatening or abusive type of thing , ' ' said XBT spokesman Allan Fitzmaurice. )
sent2099	Bernice McIntyre	Work_For	the Public Utilities Commission	( Moderators are required to keep conversations from getting too personal and disconnect abusive callers , said Bernice McIntyre , chairman of the Public Utilities Commission. )
sent2133	Michael Mason	Work_For	the American Petroleum Institute	( Michael Mason , a lobbyist with the American Petroleum Institute , told the news conference that his oil industry trade group believes the proposal to be ` ` a big mistake ' ' because ` ` there should be a level playing field in which all fuels should be able to compete. ' ' )
sent2175	George Tompkins	Work_For	KAL	( KAL attorney George Tompkins countered that the main evidence in the case is a line drawn by Soviet officials on a map showing an off-course Flight 007 flying for several hours over Russian airspace hundreds of miles to the west of its planned route. )
sent2188	James O. Mason	Work_For	the Department of Health and Human Services	( Dr. James O. Mason , assistant for health at the Department of Health and Human Services , said Congress often fails to provide additional money to pay for new programs it authorizes. )
sent2188	James O. Mason	Work_For	Congress	( Dr. James O. Mason , assistant for health at the Department of Health and Human Services , said Congress often fails to provide additional money to pay for new programs it authorizes. )
sent2189	Ted Weiss	Work_For	House	( ` ` It would be helpful if you folks would provide leadership , ' ' shot back Rep. Ted Weiss , D-N.Y. , chairman of the House oversight subcommittee grilling Mason and other administration officials about a broad range of AIDS programs. )
sent2189	Mason	Work_For	House	( ` ` It would be helpful if you folks would provide leadership , ' ' shot back Rep. Ted Weiss , D-N.Y. , chairman of the House oversight subcommittee grilling Mason and other administration officials about a broad range of AIDS programs. )
sent2197	Louis Sullivan	Work_For	HHS	( Mason assured the congresswoman that HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan ` ` is a very squeaky secretary. ' ' )
sent2213	Joseph R. Biden	Work_For	Senate Judiciary Committee	( Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Joseph R. Biden , D-Del. , said he plans to hold four hearings on anti-flag burning proposals. )
sent2217	Strom Thurmond	Live_In	S.C.	( But Sen. Strom Thurmond , R-S.C. , sponsor of a proposed constitutional amendment , said , ` ` An overwhelming majority of Americans are looking to the Congress to ... restore the proper civil respect for our American flag. ' ' )
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	North Wales	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week. )
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	Pa.	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week. )
sent2251	An-Nahar	Live_In	Beirut	( The Revolutionary Justice Organization announced Cicippio 's reprieve in a 13-line handwritten statement in Arabic delivered to the independent Beirut newspaper An-Nahar. )
sent2263	Cicippio	Live_In	Beirut	( ` ` Please don 't execute him , please , ' ' said Mrs. Cicippio , who works at the American Embassy in east Beirut. )
sent2268	Elizabeth Dole	Work_For	OSHA	( OSHA now wants the civil cases postponed so the case can be reviewed for possible criminal violations , U.S. Elizabeth Dole said in a statement Tuesday. )
sent2268	Elizabeth Dole	Live_In	U.S.	( OSHA now wants the civil cases postponed so the case can be reviewed for possible criminal violations , U.S. Elizabeth Dole said in a statement Tuesday. )
sent2308	Virginia Towle	Work_For	Wallingford	( ` ` I don 't think there are any good answers why , ' ' said Virginia Towle of Wallingford , a family friend. )
sent2336	Bob Dole	Work_For	Senate	( Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation. )
sent2336	Bob Dole	Live_In	Kansas	( Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation. )
sent2358	Ronald	Live_In	U.S.	( He has been the State Department 's refugee coordinator and is a former Harvard politics professor. _Ronald for the rank of ambassador during his tenure as U.S. negotiator on textile matters. )
sent2403	Tom Muri	Live_In	Whitefish City	( The spilled fuel covered an area two miles long and nearly a half-mile wide , said Whitefish City Attorney Tom Muri. )
sent2423	Cecil Ray	Live_In	King County	( The injured man was being treated for stab wounds to the neck and was under police guard , said King County police spokesman Cecil Ray. )
sent2424	Debra Sweiger	Live_In	Issaquah	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant. )
sent2424	Vaughn Van Zant	Live_In	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant. )
sent2430	Sherman G. Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	( Chief U.S. Sherman G. Finesilver told the 23 grand jurors their only task during the 18-month term would be ` ` to determine what criminal acts , if any , were committed at Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant. ' ' )
sent2436	Mike Norton	Live_In	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington. )
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	Denver	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington. )
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Work_For	the Justice Department	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington. )
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	Washington	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington. )
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Work_For	the Justice Department	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington. )
sent2465	Kim Dae-jung	Live_In	South Korea 's	( Kim Dae-jung , head of South Korea 's leading opposition party , was detained on a court warrant Wednesday for questioning in connection with a party lawmaker 's illegal trip to communist North Korea. )
sent2509	Chris Jonientz-Trisler	Work_For	the University of Washington Seismology Lab	( The temblor measured 3.9 on the Richter scale and was centered 10 miles below the Lacamas Lake area , just northeast of Camas , Wash. , said Chris Jonientz-Trisler , seismic analyst at the University of Washington Seismology Lab. )
sent2539	John Kennedy	Live_In	the United States	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said. )
sent2539	Harrington	Live_In	the United States	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said. )
sent2571	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ' )
sent2577	Felix S. Bloch	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. diplomat Felix S. Bloch , suspected of spying for the Soviets , sipped grapefruit juice and calmly watched for 45 minutes as a foreign correspondent showed him videotapes and clippings of how his story is being told in his native Austria. )
sent2578	Robert Weisner	Live_In	Washington	( ` ` I tried and tried , but he said he wouldn 't answer questions on the substance of his case , ' ' said Robert Weisner , the Washington correspondent for state-run Austrian television. )
sent2637	Baruch Arensberg	Live_In	Tel Aviv Univerisity	( ` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel. )
sent2640	Arensberg	Live_In	France	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years. )
sent2640	Ofer Bar-Yosef	Work_For	Harvard University	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years. )
sent2640	Ofer Bar-Yosef	Work_For	the University of Bordeaux	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years. )
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Work_For	the University of Bordeaux	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years. )
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Work_For	Brown Univeristy	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ' )
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	Providence	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ' )
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Live_In	New York 's	( Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings. )
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Work_For	Mount Sinai School of Medicine	( Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings. )
sent2649	Dean Falk	Live_In	Anthropoligist	( Anthropoligist Dean Falk of State University of New York at Albany supports the Kebara findings in the Science News article. )
sent2649	Dean Falk	Work_For	State University of New York	( Anthropoligist Dean Falk of State University of New York at Albany supports the Kebara findings in the Science News article. )
sent2649	Dean Falk	Live_In	Albany	( Anthropoligist Dean Falk of State University of New York at Albany supports the Kebara findings in the Science News article. )
sent2735	Miguel Rodriguez	Live_In	Venezuela	( Venezuela 's chief debt negotiator , Miguel Rodriguez , told reporters Monday that his country would seek at least a 50 percent reduction of its debt , beyond Mexico 's gains in negotiations with its bank creditors. )
sent2741	Harold Abramson	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts. )
sent2777	Sun Hung Kai Properties	Live_In	Hong Kong	( Sun Hung Kai Properties , a Hong Kong construction firm with a 27 percent share ; )
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	West Palm Beach	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors. )
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	Fla.	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors. )
sent2822	George Proctor	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee. )
sent2822	George Proctor	Work_For	Bakst	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee. )
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Miami	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case. )
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Fla.	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case. )
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Cincinnati	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities. )
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Ohio	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities. )
sent2864	CCRI-CG	Work_For	EZLN	( Committee-General Command of the Zapatist National Liberation Army " from the Mexican Southeast " on 15 March -RRB- -LRB- Text -RRB- 15 March 1994 To the people of Mexico , to the people and governments of the world , to the local and international media , brothers : The CCRI-CG -LRB- Indian Revolutionary Clandestine Committee-General Command -RRB- of the EZLN -LRB- Zapatist National Liberation Army -RRB- addresses all of you with respect and honor to state the following : Since the phase prior to the San Cristobal dialogue , the CCRI-CG of the EZLN requested legal support with various problems that the war process and the peace process presented for our Army . )
sent2884	Domplin	Live_In	Panama City	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . " )
sent2887	Granic	Live_In	Croatia	( Croatia 's Granic Admits Downed Planes Took Off From Croatia LD0303083794 Moscow ITAR-TASS in English 0729 GMT 3 Mar 94 )
sent2896	Boris Yeltsin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday . )
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday . )
sent2929	William Miller	Live_In	U.S.	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller. )
sent2929	William Miller	Live_In	Ukraine	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller. )
sent2937	Tansu Ciller	Live_In	Turkey	( This is how the politicians assessed the DEP 's withdrawal from the political arena so close to the elections and when it had fielded its candidates all over Turkey : Prime Tansu Ciller said : I was expecting such a decision . )
sent2968	Minoli	Live_In	Berlin bunker	( It almost makes me want to laugh. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Why ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide . )
sent2972	Bossi	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ; )
sent2972	Bossi	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ; )
sent2972	Benito Mussolini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ; )
sent2972	Fini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ; )
sent2972	Benito Mussolini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ; )
sent2972	Fini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ; )
sent3015	Brigada de Melhoramentos	Work_For	Northern Improvement Brigade	( -LRB- Text -RRB- The situation remains explosive in Namialo assembly area , in Nampula Province , where the government soldiers with the former Northern Improvement Brigade -LRB- Brigada de Melhoramentos do Norte -RRB- , BMN , and others in the Nampula Provincial Command continue to wait for the outcome of their demands . )
sent3015	Brigada de Melhoramentos	Live_In	Norte	( -LRB- Text -RRB- The situation remains explosive in Namialo assembly area , in Nampula Province , where the government soldiers with the former Northern Improvement Brigade -LRB- Brigada de Melhoramentos do Norte -RRB- , BMN , and others in the Nampula Provincial Command continue to wait for the outcome of their demands . )
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	US	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington . )
sent3051	Clinton	Live_In	US	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington . )
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Hanoi	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington . )
sent3051	Clinton	Live_In	Vietnam	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington . )
sent3073	Mickey Kantor	Live_In	Japan	( U.S. -LRB- USTR -RRB- Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . " )
sent3137	Karadjordjevo	Live_In	Geneva	( Karadjordjevo " -RRB- -LRB- Text -RRB- We cannot remember the last time when -LRB- Croatian President -RRB- Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed . )
sent3137	Karadjordjevo	Live_In	the republic of Croatia	( Karadjordjevo " -RRB- -LRB- Text -RRB- We cannot remember the last time when -LRB- Croatian President -RRB- Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed . )
sent4658	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail . )
sent4659	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail . )
sent4660	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Memphis	( James Earl Ray , 60 , is serving 99 years in prison for first-degree murder of King in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 . )
sent4665	Leroy Ivy	Work_For	Oxford	( Leroy Ivy of Oxford and his brother John Henry Ivy of Tupelo were indicted this month on a charge of conspiracy to murder Lee County Circuit Judge Thomas Gardner III. )
sent4665	John Henry Ivy	Work_For	Tupelo	( Leroy Ivy of Oxford and his brother John Henry Ivy of Tupelo were indicted this month on a charge of conspiracy to murder Lee County Circuit Judge Thomas Gardner III. )
sent4665	Thomas Gardner III	Work_For	Lee County Circuit	( Leroy Ivy of Oxford and his brother John Henry Ivy of Tupelo were indicted this month on a charge of conspiracy to murder Lee County Circuit Judge Thomas Gardner III. )
sent4667	Kennedy	Live_In	Israel	( Sirhan Sirhan , in his first television interview , called Sen. Robert F. Kennedy his hero , but said he killed the presidential candidate more than 20 years ago because he felt betrayed by Kennedy 's support for Israel . )
sent4670	Danny Veno	Live_In	Dallas	( A long , long time. ' ' _ Dallas resident Danny Veno , on his visit to the spot from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot President Kennedy , which has been turned into a museum . )
sent4675	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	New York	( In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to death for the assassination of New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy . )
sent4677	Robert Kennedy	Live_In	U.S.	( During his six-year tenure as Los Angeles County district attorney , Sirhan was tried and convicted for the 1968 assassination of U.S. Sen. Robert Kennedy . )
sent4698	Lennon	Live_In	New York	( Mark David Chapman fatally shot Lennon nine years ago in New York . )
sent4702	Ray	Live_In	Memphis	( Ray , 61 , will not be eligible for parole until 1998 for the April 4 , 1968 , killing of King in Memphis , Tenn . )
sent4703	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy . )
sent4710	John Walker	Live_In	U.S.	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 . )
